What did you say?
I have decided that I will not cancel this engagement
classmate
Do you think I have no reason to retreat from the wound for seven days?
If you say no, don't
Say yes
No, your little friend.
You are the one who buys cigarettes and gets cigarette giveaways.
You say I am evidence
Mom, please don't come with me, okay?
I don't believe it's just a coincidence
Even I don't want to leave my mother again
Mom, please
I will definitely listen to you
The one who took his face to be filial to me, get out of here
Sister Song, this is my mother
Slow down.
Oops, I've always wanted a daughter
But
Well, but can you stay at our house?
It depends on your performance in the future
Mom, you're the best
Let's go
Take you to send the guy who loves his eyes to get married.
Sister Song
Who loves you?
Get out of here